# My_research_approach
Abnormal returns requires an abnormal approach


With an emphasis on contrarian thinking, it is suggested that abnormal returns stem from ideas with ‘edge’. I argue that this motive represents something markedly differnet to that of tradaitional scientific pursuit and thus, requires some adjustments to be made to the process. However, this does not mean that the process should be any less rigorous.

The main difference, I believe, is how the hypothesis should be approached within the study of markets. In traditional scientific pursuit, hypotheses logically follow an extensive literature review and gives a sense that the research is yet another block on top of a vast pyramid of theory. When attempting to build market beating strategies, however, often the best hypotheses are not generated by only building on top of already established literature and techniques, but instead by incorperating turely independent insights from an individual's personal experience and observation. In this case, it makes sense for the bulk of a hypothesis to logically precede a review of the literature. This would then mean that the literature review is used to build out the idea and to provide competitive models by which to scrutinise the new.

When creating new market INDICIES, a more traditional approach to resarch is adopted:

1. Introduction of concept
2. Literature review
3. Construction of index
4. Index performance hypothesis
5. Methods of analysis
6. Analysis
7. Discussion

When creating new MODELS and TRADING STRATEGIES, a less traditional approach to resarch is required:

1. Method Proposal (Preliminary hypothesis)
2. Literature review
3. Refined hypothesis
4. Methods (including optimisation process & varied market conditions)
5. Back Testing & Optimisation
6. Comparison to established models
7. Discussion
